# Agenda
1. Progress update on Aims
2. Discuss and divide up work for presentation `ATTOW: Due Dec 2 @23:59`
3. Discuss and divide up work for manuscript drafting `ATTOW: Due Dec 10 @23:59`
4. Questions:
    - Do we have to document commands for exporting files as well on GitHub? (e.g.) `scp root@<ip>:<path-to-file> ./<dest-file-path>` 
    - For our taxonomy table, all of our samples are resolved only up to the class level... Is it ok to do indicator species/taxa analysis on lower taxonomic ranks despite NA's? (this is before QC)
    > NA_counts:  Domain = 0 Phylum = 0  Class = 0  Order = 5  Family = 16 Genus = 155 Species = 1041
    - What is the rule of thumb for QC when making our phyloseq object (e.g. removing ASV's with count < 5 or samples with < 100 reads)
# Notes
- TODO