# Overview of progress

- What has been done this past week:
  - Met as a team and discussed which dataset to use (PD vs Alcohol)
  - We were concerned about the novelty of the aims we decided on last Monday's meeting. After reading through the alcohol paper in more detail, we realized many of those aims were addressed already (directly or indirectly) in the paper.
  - Therefore, during our meeting we confirmed our dataset (PD) and main aims, which were also discussed with Dr. Sun during office hours:
    - A1: Compare gut microbiome between individuals with or without antidepressant use
      - All on control, not on PD
    - A2: Compare gut microbiome between different BDI depression scores
      - All on control, combined antidep use
    - A3: Compare gut microbiome between different BDI depression scores
      - All on control, compare antidepressant use groups
  - Started proposal and delegated tasks

# Agenda

- Why do we have to categorize depression score?
- How specific do we have to be in our proposed approach to "Be specific how the analysis will be conducted"? (e.g.) Would we have to resolve to the individual tool/package level?
  - Should resolve to level of statistical analysis
  - Want to hear the keywords that has been taught. No need to mention the specific command target the keyword/core concept
  - Expect a follow-up
  - Should we be naming specific input files? (e.g.) _Perform taxonomic analysis on rep-seqs.qza to generate taxonomy.qza file_ or would the high level concept be sufficient (e.g.) _Perform taxonommic analysis on quality-controlled dataset_

# Notes

- Filter before denoise in general to cut down on computation time
  > TODO: Put the figures after filtering
- There is a criteria for the title
  - _First word_ has to starting with -ing (e.g.) Characterizing, elucidating, etc.
- Hypothesis should be informed through literature (i.e.) Reference some sort of paper. Need to have some sort of basis can't guess
  - Aims are like 3 points arguing for the hypothesis
- Make our own depression score categories
  > TODO: Add this to the proposed approach table
  - Can assume 0 is no depression (make sure to mention this in our proposal)
- Importance can be based on literature (e.g.) Other paper say it is important or can be important due to little/lack of study into this topic
- Reorder aims(?):
  - 2 -> 1 -> 3
- Could reword A3 studying difference between 0 depression ppl w/ no antidepressents vs 0 depression ppl w/ antidepressent use
- First aim comparing depressed vs no depression
  - What if there is no difference? Should at least have something there
- Updated research question to "Does the efficacy of antidepressant use have a microbial basis"
- How to find papers that (potenially) used this dataset
  - Find papers that reference this paper
  - Check NCBI SRA and/or ENA to see whether the data is there
- Will follow up whether previous done is to date or with respect to what was done in the paper
- Discussed whether this topic is novel for the course
- What if changed A1 to look at low depression w/ vs low depression w/o so we have more data to analyze
- Swapping from control to PD for bigger dataset
- List of commands fine for data portion?
  - Needs to be a paragraph form in the proposal
- Have data wrangling checklist just in case
  - Can be evaluated on the Qiime2 vs this one
